It turns out that Qi Tian is a dew drop
I used to laugh at him and reject him
Now think about it.
No longer the clown
In fact, in the past 5 years
Mr. Qi has been secretly helping
But what you did disappointed him so much
It turns out that the Tian family can have today's wealth
It's really all from Qi Tian
Or the landlord signing a contract
Oh my god.
Our Tian family
What a missed opportunity
Take this opportunity today
I want to propose to Night Walk
Miss Ye
Will you marry me? I will
I am willing to take the high-rise buildings out of the city by force to protect the mountains and rivers
May the darkness of Chu become a sword
Kill the invading enemy
Now Japanese spies have been banned and exterminated
But there are other spies lurking in our Dragon Kingdom
wolf ambition
No, it might as well be